Closes issues #649 and #968 (#1251)
solidjs/solid-docs: src/routes/solid-start/building-your-application/route-prerendering.mdx

---
title: "Route Pre-rendering"
---

> Route pre-rendering enables Static Site Generation (SSG) by creating static HTML pages at build time. This delivers faster page loads and improves SEO, making it ideal for content-heavy sites like documentation, blogs, or marketing pages. Static files are served without server-side processing at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Route pre-rendering powers Static Site Generation (SSG) by producing static HTML pages during the build process.
This results in faster load times and better SEO, making it especially useful for content-rich sites such as documentation, blogs, and marketing pages.
Static files are served without server-side processing at runtime.
```
